### Problem statement: 

    Given an array containing only 0s and 1s, find the largest subarray which contains equal no of 0s and 1s. Expected time complexity is O(n).

### Algorithm:

- **Method 1: Brute Force**
  - **Approach:** The brute force approach in these type of questions is to generate all the possible sub-arrays. Then firstly check whether the sub-array has equal number of 0’s and 1’s or not. To make this process easy take cumulative sum of the sub-arrays taking 0’s as -1 and 1’s as it is. The point where cumulative sum = 0 will signify that the sub-array from starting till that point has equal number of 0’s and 1’s. Now as this is a valid sub-array, compare it’s size with the maximum size of such sub-array found till now.
  - *Algorithm :*
    - Use a starting a pointer which signifies the starting point of the sub-array.
    - Take a variable sum=0 which will take the cumulative sum of all the sub-array elements.
    - Initialise it with value 1 if value at starting point=1 else initialise it with -1.
    - Now start an inner loop and start taking cumulative sum of elements following same logic.
    - If the cumulative sum (value of sum)=0 it signifies that sub-array has equal number of 0’s and 1’s.
    - Now compare it’s size with size of the largest sub-array, if it is greater store the first index of such sub-array in a variable and update value of size.
    - Print the sub-array with starting index and size returned by the above algorithm.

- **Method 2: Hashmap**
  - **Approach:** The concept of taking cumulative sum, taking 0’s as -1 will help us in optimising the approach. While taking the cumulative sum, there are two cases when there can be a sub-array with equal number of 0’s and 1’s.
    - When cumulative sum=0, which signifies that sub-array from index (0) till present index has equal number of 0’s and 1’s.
    - When we encounter a cumulative sum value which we have already encountered before, which means that sub-array from the previous index+1 till the present index has equal number of 0’s and 1’s as they give a cumulative sum of 0 .
  - In a nutshell this problem is equivalent to finding two indexes i & j in array[] such that array[i] = array[j] and (j-i) is maximum. To store the first occurrence of each unique cumulative sum value we use a hash_map wherein if we get that value again we can find the sub-array size and compare it with maximum size found till now.
  - *Algorithm :*
    - Let input array be arr[] of size n and max_size be the size of output sub-array.
    - Create a temporary array sumleft[] of size n. Store the sum of all elements from arr[0] to arr[i] in sumleft[i].
    - There are two cases, the output sub-array may start from 0th index or may start from some other index. We will return the max of the values obtained by two cases.
    - To find the maximum length sub-array starting from 0th index, scan the sumleft[] and find the maximum i where sumleft[i] = 0.
    - Now, we need to find the subarray where subarray sum is 0 and start index is not 0. This problem is equivalent to finding two indexes i & j in sumleft[] such that sumleft[i] = sumleft[j] and j-i is maximum. To solve this, we create a hash table with size = max-min+1 where min is the minimum value in the sumleft[] and max is the maximum value in the sumleft[]. Hash the leftmost occurrences of all different values in sumleft[]. The size of hash is chosen as max-min+1 because there can be these many different possible values in sumleft[]. Initialize all values in hash as -1.
    - To fill and use hash[], traverse sumleft[] from 0 to n-1. If a value is not present in hash[], then store its index in hash. If the value is present, then calculate the difference of current index of sumleft[] and previously stored value in hash[]. If this difference is more than maxsize, then update the maxsize.
    - To handle corner cases (all 1s and all 0s), we initialize maxsize as -1. If the maxsize remains -1, then print there is no such subarray.

### Code:

``` cpp
    // Naive approach 
    int findSubArray(int arr[], int n){ 
        int sum = 0; 
        int maxsize = -1, startindex; 
        // Pick a starting point as i 
        for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) { 
            sum = (arr[i] == 0) ? -1 : 1; 
    
            // Consider all subarrays starting from i 
            for (int j = i + 1; j < n; j++) { 
                (arr[j] == 0) ? (sum += -1) : (sum += 1); 
    
                // If this is a 0 sum subarray, then 
                // compare it with maximum size subarray 
                // calculated so far 
                if (sum == 0 && maxsize < j - i + 1) { 
                    maxsize = j - i + 1; 
                    startindex = i; 
                } 
            } 
        } 
        if (maxsize == -1) 
            cout << "No such subarray"; 
        else
            cout << startindex << " to "
                << startindex + maxsize - 1; 
    
        return maxsize; 
    } 

    // Using hashmaps
    int maxLen(int arr[], int n){
        // Creates an empty hashMap hM 
        unordered_map<int, int> hM; 
        int sum = 0; // Initialize sum of elements 
        int max_len = 0; // Initialize result 
        int ending_index = -1; 
    
        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) 
            arr[i] = (arr[i] == 0) ? -1 : 1; 
    
        // Traverse through the given array 
        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) { 
            // Add current element to sum 
            sum += arr[i]; 
            // To handle sum=0 at last index 
            if (sum == 0) { 
                max_len = i + 1; 
                ending_index = i; 
            } 
    
            // If this sum is seen before, then update max_len 
            // if required 
            if (hM.find(sum + n) != hM.end()) { 
                if (max_len < i - hM[sum + n]) { 
                    max_len = i - hM[sum + n]; 
                    ending_index = i; 
                } 
            } 
            else // Else put this sum in hash table 
                hM[sum + n] = i; 
        } 
    
        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) 
            arr[i] = (arr[i] == -1) ? 0 : 1; 
    
        printf("%d to %d\n", 
            ending_index - max_len + 1, ending_index); 
    
        return max_len; 
    } 
```