### Problem statement: 

    Given an array of n elements which contains elements from 0 to n-1, with any of these numbers appearing any number of times. Find these repeating numbers in O(n) and using only constant memory space.

### Algorithm:

- **Approach 1:** 
  The elements in the array is from 0 to n-1 and all of them are positive. So to find out the duplicate elements, a HashMap is required, but the question is to solve the problem in constant space. There is a catch, the array is of length n and the elements are from 0 to n-1 (n elements). The array can be used as a HashMap.
- **Algorithm:**
  - Traverse the array from start to end.
  - For every element,take its absolute value and if the abs(array[i])‘th element is positive, the element has not encountered before, else if negative the element has been encountered before print the absolute value of the current element.

- **Approach 2:** The basic idea is to use a HashMap to solve the problem. But there is a catch, the numbers in the array are from 0 to n-1, and the input array has length n. So, the input array can be used as a HashMap. While Traversing the array, if an element ‘a’ is encountered then increase the value of a%n‘th element by n. The frequency can be retrieved by dividing the a % n’th element by n.

- **Algorithm 2:**
  - Traverse the given array from start to end.
  - For every element in the array increment the arr[i]%n‘th element by n.
  - Now traverse the array again and print all those indexes i for which arr[i]/n is greater than 1. Which guarantees that the number n has been added to that index
  - This approach works because all elements are in the range from 0 to n-1 and arr[i] would be greater than n only if a value “i” has appeared more than once.


### Code:

``` cpp

    // Approach 1
    void printRepeating(int arr[], int size){ 
        int i; 
        cout << "The repeating elements are:" << endl; 
        for (i = 0; i < size; i++){ 
            if (arr[abs(arr[i])] >= 0) 
            arr[abs(arr[i])] = -arr[abs(arr[i])]; 
            else
            cout << abs(arr[i]) << " "; 
        } 
    } 

    // Approach 2
    void printRepeating(int arr[], int size){ 
        for (int i = 0; i < arr_size; i++){ 
            numRay[numRay[i] % arr_size] = numRay[numRay[i] % arr_size] + arr_size; 
        } 
        cout << "The repeating elements are : " << endl; 
        for (int i = 0; i < arr_size; i++){ 
            if (numRay[i] >= arr_size*2){ 
                cout << i << " " << endl; 
            } 
        }
    }

```